Expertise with security and database information management tools
Highly capable of working with various types of networks
Stellar problem-solving and critical-thinking skills
Strong verbal and written communication abilities
Highly capable of analytical reasoning and applying logic to situations
Able to manage and work with different types of network firewalls
Skilled with various programming languages
Understanding of data integration, network design, and database concepts
Extensive knowledge of security vulnerabilities, solutions, and risks in IT
Highly organized and top attention to detail
An ability to work together with a large team
Skills with multitasking and time management






Proactive and certified professional with 3 years of security experience looking to advance my career with the Lead Security Officer position at XYZ Inc. where security policies are needed to be proactively enforced.


University IT graduate with cyber security background and hundreds of classroom hours in cloud safety, automation, and digital forensics. Seeking to leverage newly-minted top secret security clearance and 4.0 GPA to become the next network security engineer at Astoria Tech.

Hard-working computer science specialist. Seeking to use proven skills in leadership, debugging, and coding to meet business needs at Meed. Created proprietary ecommerce sites for retail and restaurant use. Updated mobile site at MoneyMoneyWorld.com with 95% accuracy to goals.




Cyber Security Analyst
January 2015–December 2018
Hackers With Ethics, New York, NY

Key Qualifications & Responsibilities

Monitored organization’s networks for security breaches and investigated violations.
Prepared reports which documented security breaches and extent of damage caused by breaches.
Conducted penetration testing and located vulnerabilities in systems before they could be exploited.
Key Achievement

Identified over 350 new viruses and malware in under 4 years.







Expected Graduation: 2021




Works Well Under Pressure
Flexibility/Adaptability
Strong Work Ethic
Good Attitude
	
Coordination
Active Learning
	
Perceptiveness